c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.deps.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.Views.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.Views.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.TagHelpers.input.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.TagHelpers.output.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\App\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.Views.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\DutchTreat.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\App\About.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\App\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\App\Shop.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DutchTreat\DutchTreat\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Account\Login.g.cshtml.cs
